Update contact-pstn-service-desk.md (#3882)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/manage-phone-numbers-for-your-organization/contact-pstn-service-desk.md

---
# PSTN service desk help

If you need help with getting or transferring numbers to us but need help please let us know how we can help you in an email and send it to us. In your email Help request, include as many details as you can and include details such as your organization ID (Tenant ID), domains, what types of numbers you need help with, how many numbers you want, the authorizing person on the account and other important details about your issue.

Then send your request to one of the following email addresses:

### USA Or Canada
- For help with getting new phone numbers, [send us your request](mailto:gcstnmsd@microsoft.com).
- For help with porting phone numbers inside the U.S or Canada, [send us your request](mailto:ptn@microsoft.com).

> ### Outside of USA/Canada

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Outside the USA or Canada
```

> - For help with getting and porting phone numbers outside the U.S or Canada, [send us your request](mailto:ptneu@microsoft.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For help with getting and porting phone numbers outside the USA or Canada, [send us your request](mailto:ptneu@microsoft.com).
```
